then David consulted with the captains
of thousands and hundreds and with every
leader and David said to all the
Assembly of Israel if it seems good to
you and if it is of the Lord our God let
us send out to our brethren everywhere
who are left in all the land of Israel
and with them to the priests and Levites
who are in their cities and their common
lands that they may gather together to
us and let us bring the Ark of our God
back to us for we have not inquired at
it since the days of Saul then all the
Assembly said that they would do so for
the thing was right in the eyes of all
the people so david gathered all israel
together from shaho in egypt - as far as
the entrance of hema 'the to bring the
Ark of God from Kia jeff giri and david
on all israel went up to baylor to
kiriath-jearim which belonged to judah
to bring up from there the Ark of God
the law who dwells between the cherubim
where his name is proclaimed so they
carried the Ark of God on a new card
from the house of abinadab and other and
a higher drove the cart then David and
all Israel played music before God with
all their might with singing on house on
stringed instruments on tambourines on
cymbals and with trumpets and when they
came to Kayden's threshing floor other
without his having to pull the earth for
the oxen stumbled
then the anger of the Lord was aroused
against Gaza and he struggled focus he
put his hand to the ark and he died
there before God and David became angry
because of the Lord's outbreak against
other therefore that place is called
Pires Aza to this day david was afraid
of God that day how can I bring the Ark
of God to me so David would not move the
ark with him into the City of David but
took it aside into the house of
obed-edom the gittite the Ark of God
remained with the family of obed-edom in
his house three months and the Lord
blessed the house of obed-edom and all
that he had
[Music]